maintenance tasks (#11)
opencasestudies/ocs-bp-co2-emissions: index.Rmd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also note that the `Year` variable is currently of class type character. We would like to change it to be numeric. To do this we will use the `mutate()` function, which is also part of the `dplyr` package. This function allows us to create and modify variables. We will also use this function to create a variable called `Label` which will have `"CO2 Emissions (Metric Tons)"` as the value for every row, to be used when we create plots later.

Note that here we are now using multiple steps with our `%>%` pipe operator. So the CO2_emissions data is used to rename Contry to country and then the out put of this is taken to be mutated to have Year as a numeric variable .
```

Recall, the values are emissions in metric tons, also called tonnes.
Scrolling through the `glimpse()` function above, we can also see that there are fewer `NA` values for later years.

In this next code chunk, we will introduce the `%>%` operator from the `magrittr` package. 

> This allows us to use our `CO2_emissions` data and use it in combination with the `<-` assignment operator to reassign it to a modified version of the object. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows us to use our `CO2_emissions` data and modify it sequentially using  multiple steps. We will start with just one step however, but we will see the utility of this soon where we will have multiple steps each having a %>% at the end into the next step. We can think of this as a "take this data and then" statement". So in this case. Take the CO2_emissions data and then pivot it into the long format. 

The `<-` assignment operator can as usual be used to reassign the object to the modified version after all the steps after the `%>%` are completed. 
```
